From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Comic, Harmontown is now in session.
Please keep those applause going for your Dungeon Master, Mr. Spencer Crittenden.
See him scurry to his tail. That was good scurrying. Oh, that was a scamper.
How you doing, Spencer? I'm good. Are you ready to bring out the mayor, Spencer? Yeah.
Let's say it together. Dan Harmon. Thank you.
Why do I come in from the back? At this point, it's kind of really dumb. There's a tripod in my way. It doesn't seem...
If we're going to do that, we need a jib camera that tracks you as you come in or a steady cam.
We're tweaking the format here. I thought, let's bring Spencer up at the top of the show instead of saving him for dessert.
I really mangled this guy's leg, too. Oh, really? What are you stepping on? Oh, by this guy? Stepped all over it.
Oh, wait. Oh, this guy? I'm glad I could help. I thought it was Anatoly. I was going to say, he deserves it.
Because Anatoly, his feet touch the back wall. He sits in the front row and he puts his big Russian legs across the stage.
I would make a joke about Russian history, but they've always been invaded. It's like the stage was the Ukraine.
And this back wall was the Black Sea.
Yeah, see, that's the joke I would have made. I just kept thinking about Napoleon. I'm like, well, this is not going to work.
Anyways, you remember Napoleon, right, Anatoly?
Is that a sore subject for Russians, the Napoleonic Wars?
Sure it is.
You beat him. You kicked his butt. You sent him packing back home to France.
Alright, let me see if this is working. Okay, great, this is working.
Alright, so my Twitter notifications are on. I kind of panicked last time. They're on.
But if you'd like to tweet at me, I won't yell at you. It should tap my wrist just a little bit and I can look and I can go, oh, good question.
Alice and Brie is very nice. Something like that. So try not to abuse your power. Don't be smart, Alex.
Actually, you in the audience, please just be in the room with us. Will you? Don't sit there and tweet at me.
I'm talking to the people at home on the laptops.
Is it happening? Has it already happened? Well, just give me one second.
Can we have it make a little noise?
There's two notifications. Hi, Dan. Sorry to be annoying. What will you be doing while Aaron is in Ireland?
I'll be playing Witcher 3.
Is she in Ireland right now?
No, she's in St. Louis. Looking sexy tonight. Hashtag in the room. Okay.
That was Spencer. That was totally Spencer.
It's a dude. It's Huey.
Alright, well, okay.
Sports Corner, R.E. U.S. Open. A sports corner about the U.S. Open. Okay. Shall we?
Okay.
Alright.
Sports Corner!
Another one music. We need sports corner music. Hold up. Hold up.
Also women's soccer, right? Women's World Cup.
Here we are.
Sports Corner. Gotta hit the ball. Gotta make it go far in the seasons of the fall.
Go in the summer and spring. Gotta do sports. Gotta do your thing. I like to jump real high.
I like to go real low. I like to go across the ice. I like to go across the snow.
Winter Olympics are done, but Sports Corner is still kind of fun.
Oh!
Thank you.
Thanks, guys. Thanks.
I agree.
Now, Dan, sadly, I missed the ending of the U.S. Open. Maybe you could tell us what happened.
First of all, maybe you could tell us what sport it is.
Well, I mean, the important thing is that it's American and it is open to everyone who plays the sport.
There is no discrimination. That's the spirit of the U.S. Open.
It's not private. You can just play. If you play, you just come and play.
Can women be in it, too?
If it's the women's U.S. Open, yeah.
It's not.
It's not. So no.
But trans men...
What's your favorite thing about the sports that the U.S. Open was celebrating today?
Well, I mean, it's just, as you know...
Like, everything comes down to where that ball is. Right?
Absolutely.
So far, you're 100% right.
And it's just like, the idea is to get the ball where it needs to be.
Which is where specifically?
Well, you want to...
What's the destination for this particular ball?
I think the important thing is that you want to do a better job of getting it there than your opponent.
Yes, yes.
So we're done here.
I think it's either tennis or golf.
It's golf.
Okay, it's golf. I knew that.
Who won the thing? Did anyone know?
Teddy Rexman.
Teddy Rexman won?
The animatronic bear from our childhood?
Teddy Rexman won.
That really is open.
See? Anyone can do it.
Who won? Anyone know?
Jordan Spieth.
Jordan Spieth won.
All right.
Jordan Spieth.
Spieth.
What did you think, Dan, about the guy...
Is it Jason Day, who had vertigo a couple days ago, absolutely passed out,
because he has crazy vertigo, went down on the 16th hole,
managed to pull himself back together, finished the round,
and then he almost...
He was on the running the whole way through, wasn't he?
Our fans don't give a shit.
Well, I don't know how many points overcoming vertigo should get you
in a sport where you walk around and hit a ball when you feel like it.
If I was a football player and I suffered from vertigo,
my doctor would tell me, why don't you try golfing?
Go walk around on some grass until you feel better.
So if, while you're doing that, you win a golf tournament,
I'm not going to go, plus, he's so special.
He was here because he can't play football.
How do you feel about the U.S. women's World Cup right now?
I mean, the women's World Cup all-inclusive, the whole world.
The women's World Cup would be soccer.
Football, as we call it.
Those of us who are into soccer, we don't call it soccer.
It's like calling San Francisco Frisco.
I think it's great, Jeff.
Those ladies are out there.
They're doing it just as good as ladies can.
Which might be better than men.
You projected that on to me.
Spencer, are you following the World Cup?
No. Are they playing?
Yes.
The World Cup is playing against FIFA this week, aren't they?
Yeah, it's one of the weirdest matchups.
The World Cup is playing FIFA.
What country is FIFA that's Brazil versus the U.S.?
It's going to be great.
FIFA.
All right.
Double sports corner.
I love the World Women's World Cup.
There was a woman playing today, and I'm just adolescent
and pure-wile and stupid enough to have enjoyed the fact
that there was a woman playing for Austria.
His name was Dick and Men.
Dick and Men on the back of everything.
There's also a girl named Tamika Butt.
Yeah.
Butt.
She did a good job.
It's for Tamika Butt.
All right.
What happened to your glasses, says Anna Marie.
You know, I don't know.
I think they left them at the house.
Are you afraid people aren't going to like you right now?
Yeah, well, until Anna Marie brought it up,
I had forgotten about them.
Tell me you love me.
I love you, Karimie.
Karimie?
Not since Tamika has a name been so chuckly.
Sorry, Karimie.
It's just a weird name.
I give a shit.
Okay.
This is hard because the bird icon keeps coming up.
I give a shit, says that guy.
First time live streaming.
Okay, good luck.
Kevin, see, it keeps.
Okay, every time someone sends one,
we'll have to, yeah, it's not going to work.
Every time someone sends one,
a big bird face comes up on the thing.
I'm in the middle of reading one.
It's not working.
It's not, see?
See what happens?
You can't disable the bird.
I can't disable the bird.
No, I can't disable the bird.
There should be a bird disable function.
There should be a lot of things.
I found another Apple Watch bug today
with my Evernote app.
If you write an Evernote
that is exactly as long as the Apple Watch's screen,
and then you add more,
it won't show it.
But if you add five more things,
then it'll show everything.
You can scroll it.
But if you hit it right on the nugget,
bug.
That's my bug report.
All right, let's beep this shit up.
Let's talk about lesbians and race.
Okay.
I don't really have anything.
God damn it.
I can't get to my Evernote.
People keep tweeting.
Okay.
All right.
This is better than the phone?
Shut up, Jeff.
I didn't mean that to be provocative.
It would have been better than the phone
if I hadn't tried the Twitter experiment.
I thought we could try the Twitter thing,
but it would be cool.
We tried something, and you know what?
Do you know what the Four Agreements guy says?
Did you read more of the book?
No, but this is something I still remember
from the first two agreements.
We're only going off, you're reading a half hour.
I'm one agreement in, and that's good enough.
Did you know Jurassic World sucked 25 minutes through?
Yes, you did.
The Four Agreements are pretty good.
I'm one agreement in.
The guy says, animals only pay for a mistake one time
in their whole life, one time for each mistake.
Humans are the only animal that pays a thousand times
for each mistake.
That's the stupidest.
Is that because animals die if they make a mistake?
They get eaten?
No, he's not being a Darwinist.
He's saying animals just let it go.
Well, yeah, they let it go, yeah.
No, they learn from their mistakes.
Yeah, they learn once.
They learn the first time, so do we,
but then we pay for the same mistake a thousand times.
Oh my god, you guys, it's not that fucking weird.
Humans have anxiety.
We fucking belabor our mistakes over and over again.
Raccoons don't.
They make a mistake when they're getting your garbage
and their pockets hurt on the garbage can lid,
and they go like, ow, that hurt, done.
They don't sit there three years later and go,
I'm such a fuck up.
Because they're brain to the size of ping pong balls
compared to it.
Well, we could learn a thing or two,
or unlearn a thing or two from a creature
with a brain the size of a ping pong ball.
We can't learn anything from a ping pong ball
size brain.
A parakeet sister impacts its unreflection,
I guess, in a big fight until the beak breaks.
But then it learns, you know?
It doesn't make that mistake again.
Parakeets don't learn shit.
Fuck parakeets.
I'm coming down hard on parakeets, you guys.
I'm going to do what my therapist taught me to do.
So that's the other thing.
So we all, I have a shame button.
Is it called your dick?
And can I push it?
It is my dick.
It's called my shame button.
I have a shame button, and it can get put.
Our buttons get pushed by other people,
but it's not their fault.
It's our deal, like your buttons get pushed,
and then you don't have to react to it.
So if something makes you feel like a classic fight
that I would have with Erin, believe it or not,
would stem from like, if I take a nap and I wake up
and there's like six texts, she's going,
where are you?
What's going on?
What's happening?
Then I would have my shame button pushed
because I would be like, oh, I did something wrong
as a husband, because I didn't respond
to the first five texts.
Then I'd be like, why don't you calm down?
It's only been an hour, like trying to fix her?
Instead of just going like, phew.
Hey baby, I was just taking a nap.
This is breathing, it turns out, that's it.
Seems like it was right under my nose.
Hey, you can even do it with your nose.
Yeah.
I'm not going to let that get to me.
The word play.
Anyways.
I usually have to take a couple deep breaths.
Just one, not enough for me.
No, it's not just, well, I mean,
it could be just one, like in a conversation,
like if you were hanging out at a bar or something
and somebody like said something,
the minute you feel yourself,
see the goal is, you got to keep your shamed tube
totally empty, like your nervous system, like...
I'm not going to look at him or...
I don't even know.
She never even said shamed tube, I just...
Did you just empty your shamed tube?
If you push my...
I'll be right back, I have to empty my shamed tube.
The shamed tube will empty.
You got to, like, your nervous system,
you know, so you go from zero to ten,
like, and I'm usually at a five,
which is bad because if I'm at a five
and somebody pushes my shamed button,
I'm going to go to six and then right up to ten,
like, it's always been like a binary switch for me.
But instead, four times a day, Jeff,
I'm supposed to take four deep breaths
out of four, four counts on an inhale
and four counts on the exhale,
four times, four times a day
for a total of 16 four-second breaths.
And that's it, and now I'm going to be sane.
It's going to work.
Have you done your breath today?
I didn't, today.
I mean, Erin's out of town
and I was just playing video games.
I was just playing video games all day.
I don't need to breathe for that.
It's like I'm getting mad at a dragon
or something and be like, fuck you.
That's what you're supposed to do.
It's what we call playing the game.
Could it be fucking hotter up here?
It's very hot.
Sorry, sorry.
Uh, I'm supposed to...
Okay, look.
All right, I'm supposed to tell people
six seasons in an Emmy.
I'm supposed to, like, spread the word.
It's really embarrassing.
I don't want to ask for an Emmy.
I'm not Seth MacFarlane.
I just...
I don't know.
I mean, if that's grown,
I mean, he literally did at one point.
But I kind of don't blame him, I guess,
because at a certain point it's like,
what do you have to do?
Ask for it?
I'm not going to ask for it,
but Yahoo deserves it
because they spent a lot of money
in an Emmy campaign.
And they're the ones asking me to do it,
and I don't want to say no to them
based on some weird integrity I have.
So I'm just saying, like,
I don't know how that helps.
What is everybody going to run out
to the Emmy factory?
I don't understand.
I don't...
I thought you're supposed to get the...
have one if your show's good.
I don't...
I don't like this...
I don't like life.
I don't like this world!
Is there a way...
are they hoping that...
that becomes a hashtag
or a trending thing?
That that will get...
Yeah, and I guess it's...
I don't know what...
Did the Emmys respond to that?
Is it that...
I don't know what the Emmys respond to.
I don't know.
I had a...
I don't know if...
I don't know if Danny Poody
would appreciate me repeating the story,
but he said he was hanging out all night with...
he'd met a friend of a friend who was, like,
on, like, the Emmy committee or something,
and they were having a great time,
and they had dinner with their mutual friends,
and they're all hanging out,
and they had a big, long dinner,
and they're all joking around,
and getting along,
and then they went dancing afterward,
and they're out in the dance floor,
and the person finally comes up to him
after talking to him all night,
and this is, like, it's like,
by the way, I just gotta ask you, like,
what does it like to work with Amy Poehler?
Thought he was the Z's and sorry all night.
All night.
They thought he was a Z's and sorry all night.
I think that's how the Emmys work for you.
I don't know.
I hear that story, and I go,
I don't think it's gonna happen for us.
Because isn't it really what it is
as it's voting for...
Did you see Parks and Rec when the guy Emmys
when they thought it was Danny Poehler?
That's... I want a recount.
Everybody who's...
I want to know which brown guy
did you think you were voting for.
I want everybody to follow up ballot.
We have friends that are on TV
like do commercials,
and you go,
hey, I love your course like commercial,
and they go, it's Bud Light.
And the thing is, like, people in advertising
know that Bud Light commercials
don't sell Bud Light in particular.
They sell beer.
A Toyota commercial doesn't necessarily
sell Toyotas, it sells cars.
You are not gonna buy a Toyota
if you weren't already gonna buy a Toyota.
If you were in the market for Mercedes-Benz
or a Chevy or whatever,
car commercials remind you about cars.
Apparently Danny Poehler reminds them
about brown people.
That's his job.
Alright, well anyways,
I hate this fucking watch,
and I hate my life,
and I hate myself.
Are you a prisoner of the watch right now?
Yes, I hate it.
I hate the watch.
I hate it.
It's a stupid product.
Don't buy it.
It's dumb.
It's a tiny little shitty iPad on your wrist.
The Bluetooth sucks from your phone.
It's supposed to...
It fucking doesn't work.
It's dumb.
Do you have to have your phone on you
for the watch to have Bluetooth?
Of course you do.
It's garbage.
It's a garbage product.
That's pretty brave, man.
What?
You're admitting, you know,
that you got it?
It was silly.
Well, I kind of...
I mean, I knew it would be.
It's not that brave.
I think it's very brave.
You know...
How are these tweets?
I mean, all your tweets are dumb, too.
Is it the heat that's getting to your head?
Yeah, it's really hot up here.
I feel like it's dripping down my face.
I feel like a pig.
I've been very irritable the last couple of days.
I don't know what it is.
I think it is the heat.
I don't like when it gets hot.
The cops shot a guy at the eyeball
outside Schrab's place.
Yeah.
I heard he was flagging the cops down
when they shot him?
Yeah, he was asking for help.
He said he needed help.
He had a towel wrapped around his arm,
and the cops said there was a gun in the towel,
so they shot him in the eye,
and then handcuffed him.
So they had to believe that he was saying,
help me, help me while aiming a gun
with the intent to fire on them,
which is just an insane belief.
Godfather II style with the silencer.
I guess they didn't want to...
I don't know what I mean.
Look, being a cop is a hard job,
and the guy did have a gun.
He didn't.
They turned out he didn't.
Okay, well, okay.
That's fucked up.
So they looked at the towel
and thought that's a gun?
Yeah, I mean, here's the thing,
is that I smoke a lot of pot.
I've seen people that turned out to be mailboxes.
You know, the human brain can shift items
and make them look really crazy,
but you shouldn't like fire a weapon
before you make sure that you're seeing
what you're seeing,
because everyone's brain fucks up.
Yeah.
On the flip side of that,
we never talked about that guy outside the...
that gallery.
I can't even remember where it was now.
It was in Austin, some place in Texas.
They're having that dumb gallery
where they're having the draw-mahabit contest,
and the guy showed up in the sedan,
and they had assault rifles,
and they were going to head into the gallery,
and there was one cop on duty outside the place,
and they shot them both.
Yeah.
It's like a weird Western story.
He took them both out under a rain of assault rifle fire,
like shot them both dead.
It's badass.
Yeah.
And so he and the two guys were the only casualties, right?
We can be pretty sure that he probably saved
30 people's lives or so.
I mean, at least, yeah.
Well, I mean, sometimes cops shooting people is great.
If they were about to shoot more people,
I don't know what the fuck to think about this cop stuff.
I think it's so weird that our phones started
being able to pick up on this stuff,
but I don't think our phones got sophisticated
at the same time as cops started being crazy brutal.
No, the underclass has cameras on them at all times,
and they get to film their friends being shot
in the back and shit.
So it's been happening all the time.
It's been going on forever and ever and ever.
Now, the underclass and not rich people
have access to footage and shit.
So I had a pinch, and you guys are going to go,
oh, this is stupid.
You're stupid.
You're dumb.
Oh, I like this one.
I don't care.
Fuck you.
It's your problem.
You push that button.
I don't care.
You're made of smoke.
I'm made of light.
I'm a quarter through the book,
and I'm reasonably certain I've got it.
Other people don't smoke?
If I say so.
And they're glue.
Here's my pitch.
So here's the problem is that the cops look like,
they look like enforcers.
They're wearing black.
They have guns on their hips.
They go into these terrible situations.
They never know what they're getting into.
They're all jacked up.
The people that they're visiting are not having their best day.
Never.
You're never a cop talking to someone who's having a good day.
They're always, like, all, you know,
everything is a fucking powder keg,
and everyone's got a gun.
So here's my pitch.
All right.
So special branch of the police force
called the peacekeepers, okay?
Head to toe, white spandex.
No weapons.
Cameras all over them.
And, like, fingerprint sensors, too.
Because the rule is if you touch one of them,
automatic lethal injection.
Like, let alone if you shoot one or anything.
I didn't think you were going to go in that direction.
Well, it has to be backed up.
Like, the peacekeepers or white spandex
seemed a lot more laissez-faire than that.
They are laissez-faire because if you touch one,
you are fucked.
Like, you're dead.
You might as well...
I mean, there's problems with this pitch,
but we'll refine it.
What if you're falling over and you accidentally, like,
you need help?
You're nitpicking the wrong thing
because I haven't finished my pitch.
So the point is they have no gun.
They have no gun.
So when you see these guys, you know,
they don't have a gun.
It's not their job to, like...
They don't even have handcuffs.
It's not their job to shoot you
or arrest you or anything.
It's their job to...
They have conflict training
and they get paid $700,000 a year
because they'll probably die within a week of...
But that's capitalism.
It's like, hey, $700,000 a year
and you're probably going to die.
And so whenever there's a police call,
they're the first ones in
and they come in and they go, hey,
take it easy.
I'm a peacekeeper.
What's going on?
I just want to know.
I just want to help out.
And they have to have that accent.
I like this.
And then, like...
But then again, if you...
To answer your question,
if you've fallen and accidentally touched them,
yeah, lethal injection.
And I know you're going to ask,
well, wouldn't that give rise to a generation
that would murder people
by pushing them into peacekeepers?
I'm way ahead of you there.
That was my next question.
They're also going to be floating beholders.
Yeah.
That watch in case that happens.
So if that happens...
If that happens, poison darts
at the person that pushed.
A floating beholder has poison darts?
Yeah.
If you see those things coming...
Raise of disintegration, sure.
Poison darts, I don't know.
It's not that beholder.
It's named after them.
They're just called beholders
and have poison darts.
Yeah.
Okay, that explains...
Is anyone else imagining Jim Rash
as a peacekeeper?
Yeah.
Because that's who I keep thinking of.
But somewhere in there
is the germ of a good idea.
Yeah.
Because the...
As you and I were discussing...
We were talking about this.
The actual problem is that...
Well, the way to break the cycle
is that the community think about...
Think about police as being there
to actually help.
Every time you see them,
you're just like, oh, fuck.
Unless you're...
Unless you're like...
I mean, if you're terrified
for your fucking life.
Which also needs to be mentioned.
Jesus Christ, man.
As soon as you get the shit
scared out of you,
and sometimes when the cops show up
and they're nice,
and you're like, holy fuck.
Thank God for the police.
There was somebody I saw
that made a very interesting point
that they showed the picture
of an asshole that shot all the people
at the church in South Carolina.
And he's got a bullet per vest on.
He's being escorted very quietly
and casually to a car.
And then a black guy down on the ground
for selling cigarettes
with three cops on top
and strangling him.
That guy died.
There's different ways of being arrested.
And we treat the little white guy
that kills a bunch of fucking people
for no good reason.
With a lot of respect
and a lot of courtesy
and a lot of care.
It's absolutely crazy.
What was with the bullet?
Were people really afraid
he was going to get shot
like walking to the police car?
Like Captain America
didn't get a bulletproof vest.
Oh, they put a vest on him?
Yeah, to walk him like in public.
Ostensibly because they don't want
him to die before we can find out
why he did it
and get the dope on him.
But I don't think that happens
to black suspects.
I don't think we get them
the bulletproof vest
and the perp walk
in front of all the media and shit.
I find it pretty shitty.
And the creepy ass judge,
you see that thing,
that little hearing
where he wanted the families
of the shooter
to make sure that we all knew
that they were victims too.
That was a little cynical,
I thought, in front of...
Wait, what?
I didn't get that.
The families of the victims
were all allowed to make a comment.
Well, they put this guy
on a video arraignment
or whatever it was,
like a pretrial kind of thing.
And the guy said,
let's not forget it
with the family of the shooter?
Oh boy.
Boy.
That's an unrelated case?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I think I got where
he was coming from on that
when it was like,
believe me,
we're all victims
of a crime like this
and let's not all go crazy.
I don't think anybody
was going to go crazy.
I think that guy just wanted,
that judge just wanted
to be kind of a hot shot.
He was on camera,
so he was going to have
a movie moment
where he made sure
the white family of this
white little fucking pecker
would cunt fucking,
was taken care of.
Yeah, I said pecker would cunt.
And if that's not the name
of this episode of Harmonton,
I'm leaving.
You're leaving,
you're leaving the show forever?
I'll never come back again.
Is it allowed to be this time?
And you put the C-word
in the title?
I don't think it did.
I'm sure iTunes
has some algorithm.
Yeah, I mean, it's,
I don't know,
I don't want to pour
a bunch of white guilt kerosene
on that white guilt bonfire,
but like, Jesus Christ.
I think the...
The thing that...
It's like a white guilt.
He wasn't even white.
Yeah, he was Italian.
And don't let Italians
convince you they're not white.
A lot of them will try
to make you think they're not.
They're not.
That's the first thing
an Italian's going to try
to make you believe.
That's right.
But hey,
you got some problems
with your sink.
By the way, I'm a white.
No, Mario.
No.
You're Italian.
Go fight the oompa-looms
or whatever.
That's your job.
That's your ratio.
That's your racially designated job
is to kick turtles
and blow fireballs out of your nose.
Sorry, it's some stereotypes are true.
Now, what I was going to say was that
it's like,
you think that bumps me out
when shit like that happens
is actually how, like,
how...
how used to it
the black community is?
I always project
onto when shit like this happens
where it's totally racially hot,
I always put myself
in the shoes of someone
that's part of this category
and affected by this,
and then always with
the African-American community,
it's just like,
that's the fucking saddest part of it,
is that they're not as mad
because they're just like,
what the fuck did you think
this world was?
Like when Kramer said the N-word on stage,
it was like, wow,
that's a big deal,
and they're like, no, it's not.
And I'm like, oh, God, Jesus Christ,
it's just fucking...
And then this happened,
and it's like, there's no riots,
there's no...
This is not...
But let's say
black community got up
and got really pissed off
and started rioting, then what?
Exactly, that's the thing is,
they, now I'm dehumanizing
by talking about they,
but I'm saying they,
that community knows
that that's the greatest thing
they could do for racism,
is to react,
and it's like this fucking horrible syndrome.
It's like, we figured out
Swiss army knives of oppression
because the butcher knife
stopped working in the 1800s,
so now we've got it down
to fucking corkscrews
and little can openers.
That little asshole
said he wanted to try
to start a race war in America,
and I hope that he did
everything he could to make sure
that that never happens,
but actually the opposite happens from that.
That even like anybody
that might have been on the racial fence
and that one is pushed
to the side of decency
and like, Jesus Christ.
I think the only hope...
At times we gotta...
We gotta...
We gotta realize
that this whole thing is a dodge.
All this race shit
is just a distraction
from the class warfare.
It's just a...
All it is is just poor people.
Their worst nightmare
is all poor people
feeling the same way
because then if there's that
and then there's also democracy,
then it's legal to overthrow.
And as long as all the poor people
are like, you're a racist,
you're a sexist, you're a pedophile.
See, stop judging the pedophiles.
I keep saying,
let's join forces with them.
You can't...
You can't pick your bedfellows
in a revolution.
You know, we'll be...
We're gonna be storming the Capitol
and just when the sentinels
are like, blasting us with the...
the rays, we're gonna be like,
we're pinned down, I can't...
This is it.
I'm sorry.
Black guy?
It's alright, white guy.
At least we're gonna die as brothers.
Yeah.
Wait, did you hear that?
Hootak, hootak!
Look!
Pedophiles!
Blank lift!
On my word!
Dive!
Second wave!
Wait, are the pedophiles played by Brian Blessed
from Flash Gordon?
The pedophiles are the Hawkman
from Flash Gordon, yeah.
Gordon tonight?
And he's 12?
And then the white guy and the black guy
look at each other and they go,
oh!
I don't know why you groaned at that.
You were having a pretty good time
when the pedophiles were flying.
I guess I gilded the lift.
Really?
You made it too real all of a sudden.
I guess because the protagonist
signed off on it, is that what it was?
Okay.
Alright.
Let's just random one of your tweets.
I just...
I like flying pedophiles a lot.
Can't that be the title?
Fly Pedophiles.
Pedophiles!
Dive!
I got a red Flash Gordon again.
That would be so good.
Dan, can you validate me?
No, I can't because these fucking tweets
keep coming in.
Sorry, whoever that was, you're validated.
Is that a parking thing?
What else was I going to talk about?
Oh, hey Spencer.
Hey.
How's your...
Are you twitching now?
Oh yeah, I'm twitching.
Spencer's twitching.
I really got to get it looked at.
Is that a new dance move?
Oh yeah.
Spencer got us equipment.
I haven't hooked mine up, but...
so that we could show people our Minecraft worlds,
like on YouTube and whatnot, or...
Yeah.
Or Twitch.
Or on Twitch.
On Twitch.
And so the Twitch puts it on the YouTubes?
You do that yourself, actually.
It's not...
So Twitch is a thing.
It's like YouTube for video games and live.
It's the weirdest social phenomenon in the world.
So you can stream your video game play?
Yeah.
And people are positively...
It's actually working.
People like to watch other people play video games.
I would have never predicted that.
And they tip them and stuff?
It's...
I mean, I don't know.
They tip you?
I feel the same thing about sports though, right?
It's like...
Why are people watching people play sports?
Well, that's...
Yeah, I mean...
Yeah, but...
Yeah, I don't...
I think it's probably that same human impulse, probably.
I don't know.
But yeah, the thing I can't...
But yeah...
Okay.
It's a lot of fun.
Spencer, do you watch other people twitching?
No, I think that's hilariously dumb.
So, I mean, not if you're watching me, of course.
That's the best thing you could do.
But you put your stuff out there and do you have a following now?
I mean, there's four or five people, yeah.
I don't do it for them.
I do it to feel like I'm wasting less time when I'm wasting time.
Because now you've become entertainment for other people.
I mean, yeah.
Now it's actually doing something.
It's not just going into the past.
So people sit and watch you in Minecraft and you're moving little blocks around?
Yeah.
And sometimes I'm singing.
I'll sit and watch for hours.
I'll watch Minecraft tutorials and stuff.
Because there's just so many mods and then people...
I'll go like, how the fuck do these wires work or whatever?
And then some guy will have a thing.
It goes like, hello, I'm Mr. Pasty Pets.
I'm going to show you how wires work.
Oh, look over here.
You see, I've put a one-way switch.
You have to put it at the top of the block and never put it facing the north or it won't work.
I mean, I don't know why that is.
I've sent a blood report to the author.
Yeah, so anyways.
They do characters and stuff.
But they show you how shit works.
Is that what you do?
Are you showing people how you...
No, I'm just fucking...
I'm just playing it.
I'm just playing it and people ask me questions and I answer their questions.
Is it like a weird sort of voyeurism where they're watching Spencer's mind at work?
I mean, I guess.
I don't know.
Well, like I said, I think it's the sports thing.
Anybody here follow somebody else?
You in the front row?
You watch people twitching?
Long time to twitch, yeah.
Really?
Yeah.
If you're sitting at work and you can't play but you want to watch a game.
So which games do you watch?
I watch League of Legends.
I watch Minecraft sometimes.
Hearthstone, Lopla, Hearthstone.
You watch people play Hearthstone?
Yeah.
Hearthstone is like...
It's a hard game.
It's a hard game and you watch strangers play it against each other.
Well, you watch the stranger playing against somebody.
Uh-huh.
Wait.
It might be a stranger or they might be playing someone you know.
Oh, okay.
All right.
I'm fascinated by the fact that it's like...
Does that kind of scratch the same image for you?
What's your name, by the way?
Scala.
We'll grab a mic real quick.
Oh, that means I get to sit down.
Scala, come on up.
Scala be twitching.
Have you or do you ever watch sports?
God, no.
Huh?
So you don't watch a baseball game?
Do you think that scratch is the same sort of itch that somebody who likes football?
I would assume so.
Yeah.
It's a spectator sport.
I'm sorry.
I want there to be more here.
No, I can't figure it.
I mean, I've had Superman explain to me and I get it now.
That's a lot of pressure.
But the thing I haven't done is I haven't gotten on Twitch and actually tried this.
But Spencer, when you're twitching, as the kids call it...
And you're doing exclusively Minecraft.
Are you talking to people?
Yeah.
So like there's a chat room and I see it on my phone.
So people are like, oh, what color is your house going to be?
And then I'll be all like, I don't know, maybe red.
And they're like, I'd like blue.
And then I'd be like, okay.
You know.
So and I think there is some, I don't know.
I think people get something from the interaction.
And also I think it's kind of like podcasting where it's like you're interacting with this
person kind of in this very limited sense where you're sort of exposing yourself to them.
It's very easy, but very distant and controlled interaction.
It's a community.
Like it's just like the show is really people watching the podcast through the streaming
and stuff like that.
But with like now that I know that Spencer is a Twitch, I'll totally watch Spencer play Minecraft.
Yay.
Well, I would too.
Can I watch you watch Spencer play Minecraft?
That's going to be the new thing.
We could do Twitchception.
I want to be in the room.
I want to be physically in the room while you watch it.
Sure.
Oh, I want to stand there in white spandex.
But I can't touch you.
I can't touch you.
You're fucking dead, Jack.
You'd be dead.
I really wanted this to happen where I could touch you, but.
All right.
You can touch my floating beholders.
Oh, all right.
With their disintegration rays on their anti-magic fields.
It's an important aspect of anti-magic fields.
It's the scariest part.
Don't forget.
You lose all your bonuses.
It's terrible.
Yeah.
All right.
So what do you play when you play?
You play Hearthstone.
You play the things you watch?
The last time I streamed Twitch, where I was producing Twitch that people could watch,
I played a game called Magica 2.
And it's where four wizards cast spells cooperatively where your spells can hit each other.
So you blow each other up and yell at each other a lot.
So we just went through the whole game in one sitting, but all yelling at each other on
a couch.
We got the cops called on us.
It was really good experience.
Damn.
It was fucking rager.
I understand the idea of like, I would, if I had time, I would want to, that's why I
asked you to look into getting this stuff.
Because I wanted to be one of these guys who has like a YouTube video.
But like, I wanted to have control over, like I want to go, hello, it's me, Dan.
Snakebite69 or whatever.
I just wanted to show you my automatic irrigation system or something over here.
So you don't want to stream.
You want to produce content that you have edited and then voiced over.
I'm nervous about the idea of people watching me in real time because if I'm playing Minecraft,
like, and I stack up some blocks and then I'm just like sitting there.
Oh, yeah.
Someone's watching.
No, it's a nightmare.
You, I'm just going to be the guy that took this.
On your screen, you're seeing people comment like, bad block placement.
All you quit watering the plants, you dick.
Are you?
No, no, no.
I would say that you playing Minecraft and having a community watching you and like
messaging you like, oh, you should go over there.
That looks like there's goats or something.
Like it probably way more interesting than watching you look at your phone in front of
a mic or look at your watch.
Check Twitter.
All right.
Oh, shit.
Take a deep breath.
It's it's a lady sitting up here speaking to one of my heroes criticizing him looking
at his Twitter.
Like, like that's what I'm saying.
I'm just checking my tweets because I'm excited for my tweet hate mail.
I'm excited for that.
No, it's fine.
Look, if you're like, look, it's a bad show and it's not a bad show.
That's not what I'm saying.
I think you took the wrong thing out of what I was trying to say.
I'm saying that this is a I'm saying that this is a beautiful thing that people care
about and can watch and still enjoy.
And Minecraft can be that also.
Oh, right.
Well, yeah, I mean, but I but there's no wrong.
There's no wrong way to do it.
That's what I'm trying to say.
It's like a Reese's.
Yeah.
There's no.
There's no wrong way to eat a Reese's.
Thank you, Spencer.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
There's probably a wrong way to eat it.
Forget to unwrap it first.
That's the wrong way to do it.
No, that's fine.
That's fine.
This guy says snake bite 69 should be the name of the title.
I don't know.
No, pedophiles.
Fuck you, buddy.
Fuck you.
I like this.
I like this voting on the title with the audience.
Snake bite 69.
It's just the the difficult thing is every time they said, OK,
someone said, don't give up.
OK.
Oh, but I but I think they I think they meant on race race relations
because it was eight eight minutes ago.
Maybe it was like, don't give up on white people.
Don't give up on your peacekeepers pitch.
Yeah.
Well, somebody I'm terrified of your peacekeeping.
Yeah, because they're going to get cocky and arrogant and they're going to be like,
why don't you touch me, bro?
And they'll like be forcing you up against the corner.
If two people walked in right now, let's say it's a man and a woman and their peacekeepers
and they're wearing white spandex, we'd all fucking be bummed out because you're like,
like, what if you touched them and you'd be dead?
You don't know what's going on.
Well, that's because that's that's your signal.
Everybody fucking cool it, man.
Yeah, but that's horrifying.
Well, yeah, but they don't have guns and they don't have handcuffs.
It's horrifying the way if like if an angel came down, like it doesn't.
It doesn't.
It's not.
It's potentially very horrifying.
It's it's it's it's disruptive and it's and it's put hits the reset button.
Oh, shit.
Fucking the fucking.
What is the vetting system for becoming a PC heavy?
You have to be willing to get killed on the first week of work.
You have the ability to run through a crowd and kill 30 people.
All right.
Well, no, no, the vetting system is you have to have had six years of of of of conflict
resolution training.
Okay.
You have to have a liberal arts degree.
You have to know Tai Chi just only to balance your your soul or or Chi.
In light not to hurt people just to just to just to be calm when people are killing you
because you're going to die.
But then over time, what's that?
If you touch an opportunity, that doesn't matter.
They wouldn't be wearing their spandex.
Well, is that true?
If you he says if you kill an off duty cop, there's a higher penalty.
Well, I guess I guess given what yeah, I guess we're not shocked.
We got to go back.
I mean, we got to work.
It's a good idea.
We just got to work out the kinks.
I think they should be robots.
That's what we need.
We need those chappy robots.
Yeah.
But I don't think that would calm anybody down.
They wouldn't like well, they probably would.
You know, recognize weapons and stuff.
British British.
Yeah, yeah.
He's saying the British Bobby doesn't carry a fire.
Oh, right.
But don't they kind of do now?
Aren't there some?
But they'll beat the shit out of you.
Like it's fine.
But they're more famous in Europe and the UK.
The shit out of people.
For like actually like casually disarming people and like talking it out.
Oh, it's amazing, man.
I saw a video of a guy with a machete who was swinging a machete around.
They just kept bringing more cops and some guy hit him with a chair.
No one.
No, no, no guns got fired.
No one got hurt.
Like the guy got arrested.
It was awesome.
Police.
It can be done.
I tell you that when we were there for Hogmany in Scotland and I bumped into a cop.
And it was like New Year's Eve and everyone's drunk and I bumped into a cop.
And the cop went, oh, excuse me.
I think I ran around a corner and puked.
I was just like so nervous.
I was like, I can't believe that just happened.
Our first night in Edinburgh, you guys had checked into our little apartment there.
And Kate and I were parking a car and getting luggage out of the car.
And we parked right underneath like literally like the street below the Edinburgh Castle.
Like in the shadow of the big castle there.
And we parked on the road and the meters, you have to go to a little kiosk, get a receipt, put it in your car.
You can buy a bunch of time on it, but what you can't do is feed the meter.
Like you can't go back in the middle of the night and add more time on that.
You have to actually move your car or whatever.
It's a pretty good system, I guess, except we didn't have any.
You have to put coins and you can't put a card in.
So we didn't have any.
So we walked up to a cafe to get some money.
And the time that we did that, because we had to buy something, we came back, we're getting a ticket.
Now in Los Angeles, I don't know about living in other parts of the country, the US,
the moment they're out of the car, you're getting a ticket.
The moment they start typing your license in, you have a ticket whether you drive off in a fury.
There was this cop there and he's writing this up and Kate's like, oh no, no, no, no, no.
And she's, you know, she's Scottish.
So she was like talking to him in the Scottish falsetto because they all talk in a falsetto.
Like, oh, no, no, no, no.
And the guy just put his little computer thing in his pocket and walked away.
And she's like, do we have a ticket?
He's like, no, on you go.
And she's like, really?
And she's like, yeah, sorry, on you go.
Put your money in there and go.
And so she does that and I'm like getting stuff out of the car.
And the cop was doing his thing and looking around in other cars and he walks by.
And it's like, it's just after Christmas, right?
Or maybe it was just Christmas when we were there.
And I said, thank you very much, by the way.
I'm from Los Angeles where if someone starts writing you a ticket, you have a ticket.
And he goes, yeah, but we're nice here.
Merry Christmas.
And then the Lactis Master came out and just fucking ate him.
And you were like, what?
And then it pulled back and you were outside like this lab.
What?
I was just punching it up and had third act problems.
Is Darsan, are you here?
Darsan?
Oh, did I slightly pronounce one vowel wrong?
Wow.
Darsan?
Do you want to come up here?
Do you want to chat?
No, you're staying.
What's your name, Twitch lover?
Skyler.
That's a pretty name.
Darsan, everybody.
Darsan!
Community fans may know Darsan as Black Dave from season five who rose to prominence in season six.
They came down to you and Vicky and what's his name?
The guy that made out with my wife.
Garrett.
Yeah, because we lost Neil.
And then we call you guys our Muppets because you're not regulars.
You're kind of like, but you're not background and you're not guest stars.
You're kind of like always there.
Muppets.
Yeah, Muppets.
Dehumanizing.
I'll take it.
Yeah, it's better than Black Dave.
Better than Black Dave.
It's just still somewhat dehumanizing, but I guess Muppets is less dehumanizing.
Yeah, no.
Muppets and Black Dave, they're both neat.
Come on.
No.
They're both neat.
You're Jewish though, right?
Yeah, I am.
You're sorry you were telling me in the green room, your mom's Jewish, your dad's...
Yeah, my mom's Jewish, my dad's, he's Black.
And he was like...
Your dad was like a rambling man, right?
If there's anything you don't want to talk about, you don't have to talk about it.
Okay, so basically I was telling my dad that my dad's from Trinidad and he came from when
it was still owned by Britain, so he kind of came out with a British accent because
for whatever reason he thought that actually talking like you were from Trinidad was really
improper and all his family is like what the fuck you're crazy and they all talk with
a Caribbean accent, so it's more like we might be out somewhere and because Black people
say hi to other Black people, it's like that's a thing.
So somebody would see him.
If you walk in the street, is he another Black guy?
Yeah, we'd just be like, sup.
Right.
Is that just a courtesy thing or is that a cultural thing?
I honestly don't know, I just have accepted it.
You guys better not be up to something.
Jeff, it's 9-11.
It's a code, is it?
9-11.
It's 9-11.
Black people are up to something!
Don't ever forget these numbers.
These numbers are so important.
They make the difference between good and bad.
Don't ever forget these numbers.
These numbers will make the difference when you go to bed at night and pray.
Tweet, tweet, boop, boop, take a deep breath, stretch.
9-11 is going to be the number I remember.
9-11 is going to live forever in my mind.
Chee, chee, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop!
Wow!
Pedophiles dive!
I'm glad you cut it off because I was about...
Osama Bin Laden was about to do a rap break.
No, no, no, no.
Give the people what they want, dad.
My name's Osama Bin Laden.
Everybody!
One, two, three, come on, come on.
My name's Osama Bin Laden.
I don't eat salad, I eat ramen.
I live in a cave.
I'm all the rage till you got me with your zero dark 30 by whispering my name.
Toot, toot, beep, beep, night vision.
You whispered my name.
I thought you were a little girl in trouble,
walked into the doorway and got shot in the face.
I deserved it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, I deserved it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
My name's Osama Bin Laden.
My name is Osama.
I've come to see your power.
He owes me five dollars from when I bode his law.
Last week, I have a funny hat.
My God is funny too.
My name's Osama Bin Laden.
Wait, can I explain what I meant?
Too late, too late.
Listen, no.
I meant my version of it.
The extreme version.
Whoa, my name is Osama.
I think it's hot in here.
I'm gonna go in my car and drive around and get a beer.
Can I have a beer?
No, that's illegal here.
Gonna park my car and get out and get a beer.
My name's Osama.
I live on your fear.
And you, Lloyd Webber, wrote this song.
I am.
I didn't mean the Islamic God was funny.
Osama Bin Laden, Andrew Lloyd Webber, collaboration.
I like that in the end, he was gonna, yeah, he was gonna,
I live on your fear.
I stopped it too soon, man.
Well, I don't know.
I don't think I had it in me.
We opened in two nights, you guys.
Look, I mean, there's a lot of feelings around.
You came down pretty hard on Islam, there, Dan.
That's a pretty bold stance on this day in it.
I said his God was funny.
I meant, I meant to God that cares so much that he would,
that he would ask you to hurt people.
Seems silly.
That made it worse.
What?
Drink your weird low and brow 40 ounce.
If you don't make eye contact with me, I can't see you.
He was like, that made it worse.
All right, shit rolls downhill.
Thank you for helping me.
So anyways, Jewish mom, black dad, tell me more.
What was Thanksgiving like at that house?
I think it went a little something like this.
Hey, is this a jive turkey?
Let me be right back.
Oy vey!
You know, if that was actually how my Thanksgiving's were,
I would actually have loved my Thanksgiving's.
Because guys from Trinidad always talk about jive turkeys, right?
Yeah, they always talk about jive turkeys.
All right, so, all right.
How do you know when a turkey is a jive turkey?
You have to look at the legs.
All right, we're going to play this right this time.
Are you okay, Skyler?
I'm amazing.
Okay, great.
If you get uncomfortable, let me know.
I know it's hot up here and I don't know what I'm doing.
It's a bad show.
It's all right, it's all right, it's all right.
I don't want you to come away with that.
I won't stand for that.
It's an amazing show.
Oh, thank you, Skyler.
Thank you.
I wasn't fishing for that.
Yeah, but this guy watches Minecraft at home.
He's our barometer?
What's entertaining?
Is that helpful?
If you knew what Hearthstone looked like.
Have you been to grassgrow.com?
You get to watch real-time grass growing.
Paintdryers.org.
What exactly does Hearthstone look like?
It looks like colored rectangles bumping into each other.
With explosions and animations and noises.
Yeah, it's got a lot of noises.
It's a card game.
Each card is a digital card game.
People watch World Series of Poker.
Yeah, I don't get it either.
The rectangles don't even bump into each other.
People watch Prairie Home Companion.
People watch this show.
People watch Community for Six Seasons.
But those are like...
Thank you.
Four and a half.
And an Emmy.
Don't forget.
Tell everybody...
Tell Yahoo!
I told everybody to say we deserve an Emmy.
Tell them Seth MacFarlane sent you.
Enter the code, Seth MacFarlane.
Yeah, they had a campaign a while back that was like,
hey, have you noticed Family Guy hasn't gotten an Emmy yet?
I actually got those screeners.
It was just kind of passive-aggressively saying to all the voters,
yeah, we make you laugh and you don't vote for us.
Suck our dicks, watch this episode.
And did they win one then?
I don't recall.
The most blatant one was when the Simpsons Family Guy crossover
where Homer's throwing Emmys at Peter and Peter goes,
hey, no fair, we ain't got none of those.
So that was kind of the most blatant please vote for us.
Yeah.
I don't know how the Emmys worked,
but I think it comes down to other writers having to like me,
which I think is like, there's no way that's ever going to happen.
Which Emmys do you think you'd be most likely to be nominated for?
Well, I always thought that maybe our actors would eventually get
at least nominated.
I thought that, you know, a while ago that,
like Danny Pooty and...
There was never a nomination?
No, never, never.
I'm not bitter, I don't care.
I mean, you know, whatever.
Everyone has an Emmy.
Do you think that the Emmy committee is a little,
like a little hesitant to nominate somebody
who has come down so hard against Islam?
Because that seems justified.
That seems justified.
I think having a funny God isn't coming down on the religion.
I think God should encompass all.
Skyler, don't coddle it.
We know what he meant.
I appreciate it, Skyler.
I mean, I just want people to be happy.
If I were a God, I would...
Be a lot like Hitler.
But not in a bad way.
Right.
The good parts of Hitler.
Was it clear what I was trying to say at that point?
No.
I was saying, God and Hitler have...
We all have that in common with Hitler.
What?
Everything.
The universe has that in common with Hitler.
Self-loathing?
Yes.
Disatisfaction with the status quo.
There was nothing.
The universe was nothingness,
and then it exploded into everythingness.
So that means that the nothingness,
which must have been God,
otherwise, if something pre-existed God,
which nothingness would have,
then God wouldn't be God.
So nothingness must also be God,
which means that God's origin must be nothing,
which means that God was dissatisfied with his own state.
So he split up and expanded into everything.
He didn't like being nothing,
just as Hitler didn't like just being the mayor of Berlin,
or whatever he started us.
He was never the mayor of Berlin.
Hitler was the mayor of Berlin?
Never should have...
No one ever talked about that.
Why did they elect this guy mayor?
He was saying, like, if I'm mayor,
I will kill all the Jews,
and then everyone was like,
well, I'm voting for him
because he won't have that power as mayor,
but he stands on those potholes outside my house.
Like, he's the only guy
to keep the trains running out of time.
Okay, so...
You're probably like,
I'm sure he's just misunderstood.
I mean, everybody's mad these days.
It's 1936.
Maybe he should be mayor.
When Margaret...
I was just going off about the Jews the other day.
Yes, you were.
And we're Jewish.
He's got my vote.
Mayor of Berlin.
Lever.
They voted with slot machines.
I'm glad we took that time
for you to clear that up for us, Dan.
I didn't say...
Well, I think it's silly that you can't say
that technically God and Hitler
had that one thing in common.
I just don't know.
I mean, for me, I don't know if it was sufficiently clear
that what you were talking about was self-loathing.
So...
Well, self-loathing is, yeah,
you hate what you are.
I mean, I get it now.
Yeah, now you get it.
I don't get the impression that Hitler hated who he was.
I think he hated what he felt had been...
had been done to him and his country.
Well, I think...
Well, I'm thinking as opposed to being content.
He doesn't seem like a content guy.
No, I don't think contentment
was a real thing after World War I.
I think Germany was pretty bummed out about that.
Oh, it was called The Great Depression.
Hello!
That was gold.
I love it.
Sorry, it just presented itself.
I had to grab it.
Now, so...
Darsan?
Yeah.
Just don't say Darsan.
Darsan.
Your mom's Jewish?
Yes.
Does that make you officially Jewish?
It does.
I'm a Black Jew.
Are you practicing?
Do you go to temple and whatnot?
I did it until my bar mitzvah and I cashed out
and I was like, okay, I'm good.
That's pretty Jewish.
Is that basically like the path of a...
That's like where your typical kind of secular Jew,
like gets to the...
Because that's like a Christian confirmation, right?
It's like, you...
When you're a kid, like, you're raised in the faith
and then it kind of culminates in the bar mitzvah
and then you can't, as you say, cash out and...
It's kind of...
I was more raised for reform where it was basically
and my parents and I kind of decided that temple was really boring.
So we didn't go, but they like sent me to Jewish camp,
which I learned all my dirty humor
because I was the only Black person there.
And then...
So I came back and then the bar mitzvah still seemed like a good idea.
Do you have a good Jewish joke for us from Jewish camp?
My God, I've used them so many times.
I didn't quite make that connection
because you were the only Black kid at Jewish camp.
Did they all told you their dirty jokes?
It's basically...
For a lot of them, I was the first Black person they'd ever met
because most of them went to Jewish school.
So they were trying to see what they could get away with
and I was so willing to push the envelope
that they got away with everything.
Like, they were coming up to you and saying,
like, hey, did you hear the one about the Black guy on the rabbi?
Or what were they...
Can you give me an example of something really specific you remember?
There are a lot of back of the oven comments.
Jesus!
Get to the back of the oven?
That came out of the grassy knoll.
I'm picturing these 6th grade kids.
I'm like, oh, what does your hair feel like?
And they're like, what?
Also, let's notice...
Hit play back if you're listening to this.
To the laughter to outrage ratio.
It's because Jewish women are famous for their cooking?
Is that the... No, okay.
Okay, here's the best example.
I want a hundred of these.
So I was talking with my counselor
and he was asking me about the origin of my parents,
like how they met.
He was like, oh, who's Black?
Your mom or your dad? Because I'm mixed.
And I said, oh, my mom's White.
My dad's Black. He's from Trinidad.
And he was asking more.
And he said, oh, so how did they meet?
And I said, oh, they had a mutual friend.
They met at a restaurant.
And he goes, oh, was your dad cleaning up?
Now, do you think that...
Was he?
In your memory,
do you think that that kid,
your memory may be wrong and may be right,
but do you remember that
the kid knew what he was doing?
Or do you think he was being naive?
Or was he really trying to
shiv you?
Was he being diabolical?
Because it doesn't seem like kids are even smart enough
to be that vile.
Well, first off, that wasn't a kid. That was my counselor.
So he had a few years on me,
so he knew much more about the world than I did.
Was he trying to be funny, though?
Yeah, and it was because I was crying.
I was laughing so hard.
All the other staff who heard were just kind of standing there.
He was being like Don Rickles.
He was laying it on you hard.
Which shows a level of respect to deal it out that hard.
Let's not give this guy too much of a pass.
I think it shows a level of respect
for him to not let it
push his button.
You could be a better camp counselor than that.
I honestly think racism is hilarious.
You're allowed to.
You have to
and are allowed to.
We could use with a few less people
thinking it's that hilarious
that they would sell that joke to a kid.
You know, we could condemn this guy
and get away with it.
He's a shitty guy.
Bad, bad, bad, bad move.
Bad humor move.
I love bad humor, so.
That sounds pretty funny.
Thank you.
Do you have any other jokes?
Because there's certain, I don't like racial jokes
where people lose.
I was at a bar a few days ago
and everyone at the end of the bar was telling me
the pedophile jokes.
They're usually not funny. It's just gross.
Humor when somebody loses
is usually a bummer.
However, there's a rare instance.
What do you mean by that?
The butt of the joke is because
that guy's black because he's an idiot
or because that guy's Polish or because she's a woman
or she's blonde or whatever.
You got
two claps.
That was from a low-embrow guy.
It's from a black Polish woman.
I think
Gracho Marx,
the great Gracho Marx was always approached
because he was a famous funny person. Throughout his life
he was always approached by people,
by chorus assholes at a restaurant or a bar
on the street and say, oh, I'm a funny guy too.
You love this one. Two Jews and a black guy going.
And he would always stop people and say,
take the ethnicity out of it because if it's a funny joke
it doesn't need it. Just say three guys.
If the joke needs the race
it's not funny.
Try the joke with just two guys
or a guy or a girl.
If it's a funny joke doesn't need it.
But
I've known loads of old
school Jewish comics and they'll tell you some old
Jew jokes which are fucking funny, but it has to be
an old Jew telling you the joke.
Well, I think that, yeah.
That kind of gives the stamp of approval in a way.
I think it's like...
But it has to be Jewish.
It comes from a place of silliness
and not from the outside.
The great Sam Simon
he just passed away.
He told me a bunch of jokes. One I love.
He goes, a black guy. We're talking about the
racism in jokes or race in jokes.
And he goes, here's one.
He goes, a black guy, Irish guy, Jewish guy
going to a bar. And the black guy says
to the bartender, bartender, I'm hot.
I'm tired. I'm thirsty. I got to have a cuvasier.
The bartender gives him a cuvasier. He drinks it down.
The Irish guy goes to the bartender.
I'm hot. I'm tired. I'm thirsty.
I've got to have a Guinness.
The bartender gives him a Guinness. He drinks it down.
The Jewish guy says, I'm bartender. I'm hot. I'm tired.
I'm thirsty. I got to have diabetes.
Yeah, see, that's a...
I mean...
Yeah.
That one's on the bubble because
the punchline
isn't anti-Semitic.
The punchline is like...
There's a Jewish guy telling you the joke
and it's kind of like the flavor of
Jewish culturally comedy.
The problem is that in order to tell it
you have to have two other races set it up
and the black guy has to order a cuvasier
and then just be forgotten
for the rest of his life.
That guy was just born into this fictional world
and he's like, what's my job?
And God's like, order a cuvasier.
Oh, yeah?
And I couldn't be Irish? No.
You couldn't trust me. Just don't worry about it.
Fuck.
I want to hear you retell that joke, Dan.
I want to hear your gift for telling me.
All right. Go ahead.
Do it!
All right, a black guy and Irish guy
and a Jewish guy
go into a bar
and the bartender says,
what can I get you?
And the black guy says,
bartender, I'm hot.
I'm thirsty.
There was a...
Tired.
I'm hot and tired, I'm thirsty.
I gotta have a cuvasier.
And the bartender says, okay.
Gives him one and the Irish guy says,
bartender, I'm hot.
I'm tired. I'm thirsty.
I've got to have
my Bailey's Irish cream.
I give him one
and the Jewish guy says,
bartender, I'm hot. I'm tired.
I'm thirsty. I gotta have diabetes.
I got it.
I didn't want to break the tape at the finish line.
I crawled under it.
We were at a bar.
We shouldn't be in this race.
If you know Jay Johnston from Mr. Show
and Sarah Silverman program,
we were out with Jerry Minor and Brandon Johnson
who are two awesome friends of ours
and black comics.
And Jay was doing race jokes
just to piss them off
like Jerry Minor and Brandon
and they were just giving them
rustic in years ago
and they're like, I don't think that's funny, man.
You're not making me laugh. Why are you telling these jokes?
And I said,
I don't really think that race jokes are funny.
However, there's one joke I think
it's only funny if the guy is black
and Jerry and Brandon just give me a look
like, all right, go. Tell me the joke.
And I said, I think this joke is only funny if the guy is a black guy.
So the black guy is walking around a Cadillac dealership
and he's looking at the cars
and the guy that works there comes out
and says, excuse me, sir, are you
thinking about buying a Cadillac?
And I said, no, I know I'm buying a Cadillac.
I'm thinking about pussy.
Right, Dursant?
Fucking love it.
Who laugh at anything?
Your atonement will be
with the public
when the free podcast drops.
It has to be
if it's not something openly discriminating
and it's circumstantial
like it is funny that
that joke worked because...
His high status. He's going to get a car
and he's going to get laid later on.
I don't think he's that high status.
I think the joke plays into a stereotype
that he's a black guy
and he's going to get a Cadillac
because he thinks he's going to get him laid.
It's kind of like looking down at him as a consumer.
It's a stereotype.
You walk away from that joke
you laugh at it and then you go,
those black people
they love Cadillacs because
they think it gets them pussy.
You shouldn't be thinking that
walking away from a joke.
You should be thinking I love humanity.
That was your point.
You don't like it when people lose
but you're having a stereotype reinforced.
The Jewish guy saying
it's...
Like I said, it's on the bubble.
I walk away from that joke thinking
parody the stereotype
also let me know that that is a stereotype
and know not to believe it necessarily.
You may have been just taught about it
by the joke.
Where do we even know about that stuff
if it wasn't from jokes?
It's not like it's an important debate
because what I've learned
in the later years of my life
I've been thinking about it
because I was used to think
because I was a big freedom of speech guy
no matter what I'd be like
it's not about making anything illegal
it's not about taking any rights away
you can still have a separate conversation
about what is culturally beneficial
and what makes people happy
and what elevates you as a person
and stuff.
What do I care?
I don't care.
I'm white.
I'm going home to play Witcher 3.
How about that stereotype?
Do you like it?
Yeah, I'm white.
I love Witcher 3.
I'm half white so I can understand.
You can like the first three levels.
I like it a lot.
It's like a bigger
better Skyrim
but I fucked up.
I got it on Xbox and the load screens
are really long.
I already bought a really expensive gaming PC
and I could have just downloaded it on Steam
and played it.
I've already done this and it works
and I didn't fucking get it on Steam.
I'm very upset with myself.
Spencer, can I find out
when you're going to be playing Minecraft or whatever
and can I come twitch and hurl abuse at you
or tell you what color to paint things?
You could come.
I won't stop you.
I don't have a good schedule.
I'm just like, I want to play video games
so I'm like, I'm going to play video games
in five minutes.
I saw you tweet that once
but is that the usual way
for people to know that you're going to do it?
I guess.
I can technically answer that.
I think he can answer that.
You set a schedule.
I'm a Minecraft guy.
I Minecraft every Monday at 7pm
so everyone knows to come on Monday at 7pm
to watch me Minecraft.
Would you proper dungeon mastering
like D&D stuff with groups anymore?
No.
It's a lot of work.
Also, don't go outside much.
So,
not a joke.
But yeah,
no, it's just...
You don't miss doing that?
I don't have people that I really play with
but I mean,
I do shadow run.
It scratches that itch.
I'm doing...
I'm making things happen.
I don't know, man.
No, I'm not playing Dungeons & Dragons
behind your guys' back.
Thanks.
Cops are bad.
Islam's bad.
White people are bad.
Black people are bad.
Irish and Jews can give me a break.
Witcher 3's load screens are bad.
I spoke out in three categories.
Jewish camp sounds pretty bad.
I hope you get some highlighted.
Actually, you put it that way.
See?
What else is bad?
The global warming's bad.
I'm sweating like a pig.
The heat.
The heat's bad.
I have like a puddle of sweat.
I have to wring out later.
Evernote
and the Apple Watch.
I ran out of fingers.
Everything's bad. Twitter's bad.
My Twitter system's bad.
All you guys are great.
Oh, shit. Thank you, Steve.
Steve just texted me.
We're going to be at Comic-Con.
San Diego on the 12th.
Is it July 12th?
July 12th.
But not at Comic-Con.
You don't have to have a badge.
We're just going to be in the Gaslamp District.
So if you're at Comic-Con,
I would say you're probably going to leave Sunday.
But stay a little bit
because we're going to do a show Sunday night
at the Tin Roof
in the Gaslamp.
And I'll keep tweeting the link to buy tickets.
But I'm a little panicked.
Because I figure
Sunday nights, the night everybody leaves.
But so I'm hoping
that there's a way we can
just keep spreading awareness.
And maybe Armenians that are there for Comic-Con
and people that are already in San Diego
just be there.
Because the place seats like 500 people
and it holds 500 people.
So what are the...
Let's cook up something special for them
and throw a party.
I know we're going to have signable stuff
for Rick and Morty to give away.
I mean, I don't know if that's enough.
But I was thinking
also if you're in costume,
maybe we could do some kind of costume thing
and have prizes for that.
And not to eclipse the whole show with that,
but just somebody shows up
dressed like a robot.
That would be amazing.
I could help you with that.
Are you a larper?
I do a lot of different ones.
But the one I play currently
is a post-apocalyptic zombie larp.
So is that like with paintballs?
No, we use nerf.
Nerf guns, yeah.
And then we also use foam swords.
Is it larping if you're just shooting
nerf weapons at each other?
Sounds like just playing a game.
At night we're not allowed to fire our nerf weapons
because our darts get lost,
so we have to throw birdseed packets.
That doesn't really address my concern.
So is it,
do you pretend you're sorcerers
at that point against the zombies?
Some people yell bang.
I'm not one of those people.
I don't use a sword though.
I've never met a larper.
Well, I probably have,
but I've never met an openly larping larper.
It is a rare thing.
We are the bottom tier.
Furries are right underneath us.
Literally.
Sometimes right on top.
I don't know what larping is,
but I think I know everything I need to know about it now.
But I'm just curious about the,
so you guys go out
and do a clearing in the woods,
and then some people are saying,
they're like throwing.
So for this specific one,
I'm just going to stick to this one.
We all head out for a weekend.
It's a three day event.
We go game on,
and everyone is in character.
The storytellers will release
mobs of 20 to 30 people
dressed as zombies to come and attack us.
We will murder those things and take their things.
And then our system
is a hit points based system and armor based system.
So when you swing your weapon,
you yell how much damage you do,
and then the person gets hit by it,
they have to calculate their life,
and then they fall down if their life goes away.
So when you swing your weapon,
so you're like two, two, two,
or like ten.
You know what your weapon is,
and you know how skilled you are.
You basically have to level up,
and then you have to memorize.
No, that works.
So like if it was your first night,
you would yell two.
Guns start at three.
Yeah, so your first night
you'd be swinging twos or swinging threes
if you got a two-hander.
I mean, if...
Yeah?
We have another larp over there?
No.
He just loves golf clubs.
Extra hands.
Oh, he's making golf jokes.
But I did not get that at all.
I did not get that at all.
His golf club deals a four.
All right.
Everybody cool it.
What am I funny if he was a black guy?
So then there are...
Then there are also powers.
So there's people with like psionic abilities
that throw packets that make your brain melt
and stuff.
Yes, very much so.
Can they spit acid?
There are zombies that vomit acid.
Good. Okay, sorry.
There are also zombies that like punch really hard.
Not interested.
Just acid, acid, vomit.
Sign me up.
Are you down for larping
or not down for larping?
Like, is it okay?
Like real vomit?
In really intense scenes, I have seen like play vomit,
like putting stuff in their mouth
and then squirting it out of their mouth at people.
We call those splatter mods.
But he doesn't have to be play vomit, right?
All right.
I think...
I want to vomit on people.
I think there's a special...
I think there's a special other thing you could do
other than larping.
Is that just called vomiting on people?
No, not going to Japan.
Yeah, they have a room for that.
Is that a reference to the first George Bush?
The...
Because he puked at that summit in Tokyo?
Deep cousin?
It's like a 35-year-old...
I thought that was like a 35-year-old joke.
It's like vomit, Japan.
Yeah.
All right.
So, psionic abilities
and spell abilities,
they're all birdseed based?
Majority of them are.
Some of them are touch.
How did you land on picking birdseed packets?
Because if they get lost in the woods,
they biodegrade into birdseed.
Oh.
Or they turn into plants.
That's great.
You should put tree seeds in there.
I hope there's tree seeds in there.
Then they would turn into more forest.
Birdseed is plant seeds.
It doesn't grow birds.
You're right.
What did you think birdseeds were?
You know what?
I didn't fucking know.
Sorry.
I also don't know where pasta comes from.
Like, I don't...
Is there like a pasta plant?
Like, Hitler was the mayor of Berlin?
I don't know.
I like...
Yeah.
Sunflower seeds are...
Stay in college, everybody.
Yeah, you're right.
Birdseed is just regular old seeds.
But we call them birdseed.
Yeah.
It's not like there's a tree that grows birdseed.
Birdseed.
Do other birds love it?
We found a birdseed tree.
When I was in high school,
we tore the paper with this girl's house.
And for no reason. We were just being assholes.
And we sprinkled birdseed all over her roof
because she and her family were out of town.
And so we put birdseed all over the roof.
But it's California, so it doesn't rain for another three months.
And the wooden shingles are just this dormant birdseed
laying there.
So three months later, all of a sudden,
their house is a giant chia pet.
That's amazing.
Why birdseed?
Because you can buy it at a pet food store
and you can get a giant sack of birdseed
and it sprouts into grasses and plants.
Wait, was that your intention?
Or was your prank to make birds come out of their house?
Our intention was to make their shingles grow.
Oh, and it really works.
What's the harm of that?
The house looks like the shire.
I don't know.
It looks like Bilbo Baggins.
Why don't we all do that?
Why don't we put birdseed on our roof?
They have little tiny roots.
We'll probably cut into the ceiling.
It's really tough stuff, but it could.
Can you have a chia cave in?
This guy knows his birdseed, Dan.
It's been a terrible episode.
That is not true.
It's fine.
I don't care.
We should...
The heat's really gotten to you, hasn't it?
Okay, so tonight...
I can't figure out how to deal with this thing
with Erin, where she keeps...
We keep getting in fights about it.
We're not going to get in fights about it anymore, though,
because my shame button is going to get pushed
and I'm not going to breathe.
I knew the fight was going to be about your shame button.
But she won't fucking stop bringing up
the fact that at this point,
at the end of the show, when I go,
like, oh, we should get a girl up here
before we play the game,
and Erin keeps saying,
boy, I look forward to a day when we don't have to say that,
and I'm like,
motherfucker,
it's half the species, and it's not like...
I mean, you could technically just say,
could we get some up in here and then pick a girl
and not say it.
That's dishonest, though.
Yeah, but who cares?
What the fuck distinction is that?
How is that progress?
That I'm keeping something to myself?
I'd say the simplest way to look at that
is that the show tends to be six guys on stage
and adding to them an entity to the show
is never a bad idea.
And I was like, I don't know how to...
If Erin's not here, we're going to make it not a big deal.
Do I just keep...
Because I can't...
I mean, I guess you're right, Skyler.
I guess I just have to own all of this
fucking my own
garbage, I guess.
The whole point is really to make it...
Equality is like make it...
It's just another thing, not a big deal.
So by doing that, it's just another thing.
But where is the bottleneck
of the no big deal?
Is it in my own brain, like Skyler's saying,
where I just go, hey, who wants to come up
and everyone raises their hand?
And then, meanwhile, in my head, secret Terminator is
disqualified penis, disqualified penis,
mmm, boobies, get up.
Like...
Or is it more honest
or less honest for me to say...
What is Erin's beef about it?
That it feels like women are
like some kind of
you know,
subhuman like...
It's not like you're saying, oh, we need to get a subhuman up here.
Then it's a quota or something.
But it is a quota because there's been any women up.
Or women are just people that get
to be discluted because of that?
And then she'll bring up,
and then she'll go to, she'll say,
well, yeah, but you don't have a quota, you never say,
let's bring such and such
racial group up to which I say,
but race is an artificial construct.
Like, there's no, like, I also don't say
let's bring a red-haired person up.
But the, you know,
there's a biological distinction
and
women are not up here all night.
I'm
42, I can only get so fucking
progressive.
My 30-year-old wife is revealing to me
that I'm Archie Bunker. Still, still I'm Archie Bunker.
I agree
that bringing up
a female to play Aaron's character
is a progressive
thing.
I think I phrased that really badly.
Because it's good, it's progressive
as your logic.
I think so, yeah. I think...
I'm really bad at this.
So I'm just gonna try to say it.
Are we bringing somebody else up to play Shadowrun
for 12 minutes?
Yes.
Then we get to pick whether we bring up a male
or a female person.
Should we flip a coin?
Why don't we bring up a female
but not for Aaron's character specifically?
We could just always get females
for all of the Shadowrun.
Just so you know, I don't think that's her beef.
It has nothing to do with
whether you're playing her character.
It's voicing it, that's the issue.
Well, I think we need more females.
If it is awkward asking for them,
I think it's a bullet we should take.
Would a woman like to play any character
in Shadowrun right now after all of that horrible bullshit?
Thank you.
No women are even volunteering themselves right now.
Oh, we have one. Got one.
We have one brave soul there. What's your name, man?
Awesome.
She'll take that government cheese.
Yeah.
What's your name?
Heather.
Heather has a thread that sewed the button on the jacket.
The Jack War.
Hello, Heather.
Hello.
I like your serious sucker shirt.
Thank you. It's just from Target.
I dig it.
By the way, I wasn't stopping the show
because it was an actual problem.
I was stopping the show because I thought it was a conversation point
that I'm confused about that needs to be addressed.
That doesn't need to be solved.
There's just something interesting to talk about.
You know, you know,
it's a big shame when you have to go out of your way
to proactively, like,
homogenize and stuff.
But also,
you know,
homogenize and stuff.
But also,
like,
until writing staff were told that they had to,
you know,
you have to be proactive about shit and then the system changes.
The show,
when there's half women out there in the audience,
which there aren't,
you know,
a woman will take Spencer's place.
I'll go over where Jeff's sitting.
Jeff will drive the women to and from the show.
I'll sign up for that.
From the show.
Where'd you get behind that?
All right, so who...
You don't have to say Marcie O'Donnell, Heather.
Who would you like to play?
If you could pick any of these other characters,
because you could play any one...
You could play Dr. Friend.
Oh, I'd like to play Dr. Friend.
All right.
Heather is going to play Dr. Friend.
Skyler.
I get to pick.
Yeah.
The remaining ones.
I really do love Marcie.
I think she's a fantastic character.
This show is so progressive.
Skyler is Marcie.
I guess Darsan, does that leave you horticard, maybe, or no?
That's racist.
That's racist?
Oh, damn it!
I'm trying to get one thing.
I'm still, like, new to this, so...
Black guy's always going to play the German psychic.
How about this?
I'll play horticard, and you play Eve Liberty in Darsan.
How about that?
I'm just going to go with... I have no idea what's going on.
Okay.
You guys want to hear a joke that I think is actually only funny if it's a black guy in
the year 2075?
Yes.
A black guy goes to a cybernetic upgrade shop, and the guy comes out and says,
excuse me, sir, are you looking for a psionic chip to help focus your latent psychic powers
that were awakened in the Great Awakening of 2054?
And the black guy says, well, no, I'm thinking about pussy.
Still funny, even in the future.
And then he hovers away.
Progressive.
Can I plug my LARP?
Oh, yeah, plug your LARP, dude.
Scalers.
Well, I realized I just said a bunch of stuff about it, and a lot of the people that play
listen to the podcast.
Plug your LARP, baby.
Plug it.
It's called dystopia rising.
You can look up dystopia rising.com.
Can I come and be one of the zombies that dies when people throw birdseed at?
Yes.
There is a game here in LA.
It's played at a Renfairee.
How do you hire those people that come out and just get birdseed?
Oh, so everybody volunteers.
So every time you come to an event, you do a four-hour shift as an NPC.
So you do a four-hour shift of being a zombie, and then everyone kind of takes turn at that.
So you have like a 150-person game, and then from there, people will come and shift and
be zombies.
Because that's what people picked.
I'm sorry.
We're having a side conversation.
You're trying to plug your LARP.
I'm being really disrespectful.
It's called dystopia rising.
There are 13 chapters across the U.S. right now, and it's growing pretty quickly.
You can probably find, there's a lot on the East Coast, but there's one up in Washington,
which is where I'm from, and then also in Oregon, and then there's one here, and then
there's one in Indiana and Texas.
Yeah, they're all over.
The one in Indiana is really the best.
It's pretty good.
It was this past weekend.
I don't know how you knew that.
You know what, the combat part actually makes me kind of anxious, but the idea of going out
and going to a big thing where it's like game on, and then you have to be your character,
and then you're just walking around like, hello, my name's Lord Fingalberry.
One of the best.
So a lot of...
I could do that forever, really.
A lot of LARPs.
Because I hate myself.
Sorry, I know.
A lot of LARPs are built around combat, and we call them stick jocks.
So they're guys that just like to hit each other with swords, right?
Right.
So the reason this game is so amazing is because you stay in character from Friday to Sunday.
Nice.
All night.
You sleep in character, your door can get kicked in, and zombies can fucking murder you.
So what if your character has night terrors?
I know characters with sleep apnea.
We have a medical time.
Shit.
So the thing that's great is the whole universe is dystopian.
You know players with sleep apnea.
Yes.
All their characters are possessed by demons.
Oh, the power!
That'd be a serious larpher who didn't really have sleep apnea, but his character did.
You got a sleeping character?
But where was I going?
This game has production, so there are people that don't fight.
There are people that just produce.
They build things, and there's farmers.
There's engineers.
There's tinkers.
They build guns and swords and upgrade armor and stuff like that.
Are there people that just hang out and drink?
There are totally people.
So we call them technically their murder hobos.
They don't have jobs.
They don't produce anything.
They just hit stuff, and they just drink.
Are idiots?
Yeah, not like that.
Oh, just hang out?
There's totally people.
Yeah, but I don't mean like a fratty guy crashing the thing.
Could you be like a barkeep?
Yes, totally.
There are multiple bars across the U.S.
Or like a bar, just in the bar?
Yes, there's a profession called the Entertainer, where you just play an instrument.
Jan, do you want to go do it?
Do you stand up comedy?
I mean, yeah, I need a free weekend.
I want to do that, and I want to go intertubing, which Erin's doing.
So that's what Erin's doing right now.
She's floating down a river.
It's the best.
Right now?
It's the middle of the night.
Not in St. Louis.
Yeah.
Next time you come up north to like Seattle Portland area, if you want to coordinate,
I can get you and have that way I can control how good of an experience it is.
I wouldn't be able to send you to another place.
Skylar, I've got to warn you, Dan's a bit of a stickjock.
We take all kinds.
We're a very accepting community.
We have 30 seconds to play Shadowrun.
Well, to keep in mind, the show starts at 8.20.
Yeah, it doesn't.
Spencer, do you have a guest recapper for us?
Not today.
Let me just wing it terribly.
All right, here we are.
Last time on Shadowrun.
Our heroes found themselves in a tear gas-filled hospital bed.
But they got out of there pretty quick.
Donning the disguises of downed security guards, they scuttled down an elevator and passed a nosy receptionist into a secret underground area.
There they found Baldwin Brown's former office.
And with it, the research data they were meant to retrieve.
But before they could retrieve it, Baldwin Brown himself hailed our adventurers.
They're not adventurers in this game.
Shadowrunners over the comlink, asking to return his research to him.
The gang studied the request before declining.
But as they were leaving, they heard the snitch of blades.
Jesse Yellowman was here to collect on his employer's collection.
I said it was terrible.
I was not looking for that.
Now, Nightblade and the team, why did we say no to Baldwin Brown who wanted his stuff back?
Because we're terrible people.
Well, we didn't say no.
We said we'll think about it.
We gotta do a job.
And real quick, remind me who Jesse Yellowman is.
He's the young ward of Baldwin Brown.
He's got blades coming up out of his knuckles.
And he wants Baldwin Brown's research for himself.
Well, he's like, hey, I'm gonna pick it up.
Pick up the research.
The easy way or the hard way?
Well, kid, the hard way might be the easier way for us.
And the easy way may be harder for you than you think.
Huh.
Yeah, I'm not a mathematician, but there's like a thousand of us.
You sure aren't.
I cast level 5 stun ball on him.
Alright, level 5.
Okay.
You take three drain.
You go unconscious as you unleash a stun ball.
It wings him in the face.
Jesus, that wasn't worth it.
He looks dazed as if he's been dazed,
but you are unconscious from the strain of repeated spell casting.
I should have asked what my drain was before I did that.
Yep.
Alright, kid, can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Somebody heal me?
Yeah, man.
We didn't say we weren't going to...
I already took out one of your guys.
Oh, come on, man.
That's not fair.
We didn't say we weren't going to work with your guy,
but you can't...
You know, if you're going to fight us, we're going to fight you.
Oh, sorry.
Okay.
I just...
What's happening right now?
What's happening is we got the files.
We got to get the fuck out of this place.
Fighting each other isn't going to...
It's not a good idea.
Maybe you should have said that before your friends started fighting at me.
I think she just fell on the ground.
How much are they paying you?
They're not paying me nothing.
I do it for the love of the job.
That's unfortunate.
Well, then I'll double your price to help us get out of this building
and then we can fight in the street.
Well, I really need this research.
We can't let it get out of my hand.
You should pick her up and carry her out of here.
I can do that.
I'm a troll.
You do that.
You easily heft her up on your shoulder.
Yes.
He's supposed to have Jeff's folder, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, shit.
I was playing the wrong character.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you said you were like, I'm going to play Dimorph.
I'm Horde God.
I forgot.
Yeah.
I don't cast a spell.
I said it.
No.
No one's unconscious.
I don't cast a spell.
Is it possible that I maybe look at a thing and perhaps maybe French fries?
Wait, where the fuck is Dimorph?
He is here.
Is Dimorph here?
Dimorph was in the green room.
Dimorph, get out here.
Well, then we've got to kick someone out.
No, no.
He can play himself.
I'll just sit here.
Dimorph's round.
What?
You know, it's okay, Dan.
I was thinking at the time that we were in Edinburgh and I was going up with Nipsey Russell and his friends.
And you were caught up in a melee of some sort.
All right.
Sorry.
So let's go.
I'm sorry.
I forgot you were here.
Don't worry, man.
It's not my game.
Okay.
So where were we?
We're going to get the fuck out of here.
Yeah.
Here we go.
No one's unconscious.
Who's?
No one's unconscious?
Are we doing a do-over on that?
Yeah, because, yeah, he was controlling the wrong character.
All right.
So here we all go.
Blade, blade handguide, everybody.
Where are we going?
We're leaving.
Where?
In an Uber.
Okay.
We've got to go upstairs first, past all these dead bodies.
You've killed people?
Yeah.
I mean, I wasn't really.
This was more of a hit-and-run sort of thing.
Not really.
Hey, Hakai.
Yes.
I'm on the com link.
Did this guy set off a bunch of alarms when he murdered all of these guards to get down here?
No.
He's a real pro.
That's excellent.
Thank you.
But they will find the bodies soon.
Fox.
Soon amount of time.
All right.
Well, let's go.
And everyone stop asking how.
It's obviously the way we came.
Why do you keep asking that?
The way we came.
We leave.
We leave the way we came.
Back out past the lady, into the elevators, back up, and out the exit.
Holder guard takes the lead.
Using his combat sense and all of his sensibilities leads them through to the front.
Up the stairs, around a couple floors and to the front.
Stepping over the bodies.
If you follow his actions, perhaps you will get there safely as well.
I follow him.
Following closely, you dodge the detection of guards with the combat senses of horticard.
You end up in the front hallway, but there you hear a voice behind you.
Stop.
Stop you.
Turning around, you see 17 guards.
They're a good 60 feet off.
It's a long, long hallway.
You've made pretty good time considering.
It's all right.
I'm a guard.
No.
What?
I'm dressed.
I'm dressed as a guard.
I'm a guard.
Can I make a force wall?
Yeah.
How strong of a force wall do you want to make?
From one to six.
Five.
Oh, shit.
That's a good number.
It really is.
Drawing upon your troll magic, you conjure up a shield of shimmering energy.
It stretches across the entire hallway, coating it in light and force energy.
Now we can run.
I'm using my city sense.
I have a sense of Uber.
It's how far away?
You can sense an Uber just two blocks away.
This technology is really, really good.
It's a skill soft.
If you were addicted to them as I am, you would apply them and use them to their best benefit.
Hey, I'm not really a guard.
You fuck faces.
We're behind a force field.
Just wearing guard clothes.
Hodergaard leads the gang outside.
Those that will follow.
Those that want to talk trash, well, you know.
You guys go.
I'm just leaving last, walking backwards.
My arms spread like a cocky seagull talking shit.
I assure them that everything is okay.
This is common.
He often uses the monologue defense to protect his people.
Who are you saying that to?
To the rest of the gang that is following.
Good, good, good, good.
Fuck you guys.
I wasn't a guard.
Fooled you.
Maybe we shouldn't tempt fate and just get in the Uber.
Well, go, just go.
Yeah, I'm just saying.
I'm walking out backwards and talking shit.
Yeah, there you are.
By the way, I didn't kill all those people.
The door is closing.
Is everyone in?
Everyone's in the Uber, including Jesse.
Solid.
Sweet.
And we motor off.
Where are we going?
To our secret clubhouse.
Well, who wants these files that we got?
I do.
Two people.
But we don't want to give them to you, right?
Well, I hope you do.
Because otherwise we should have fought back there.
Well, I think it's easier to fight now that we're in the car.
I don't think it's easy to fight in the car.
We're going to fight in a place where we can fight,
or discuss civilly or whatever, free of intervention.
Let's go to my apartment.
Shane Nightblade.
All right.
You can come link a map to that section to me,
or you can just give me your address.
Done.
So be it.
Allow it.
I'm opening myself up a lot to you guys by inviting you to this place.
I'm a very private person.
This is like a big deal for me.
You roll up to your apartment.
If I recall correctly, it's not that nice.
Noted.
I tip the doorman a few New Yen.
We get in the Neo elevator and head up to the laser apartment.
It's not that nice.
Sorry, the robot made that vacation.
God uses his perception of truth just to determine if there ever was a robot.
No.
As I suspected.
A guy like me is going to keep a low profile,
have a lot of identities.
This is just one of them.
Do you know your neighbors?
No, and they don't know me.
That's why we're here.
This is where we'll never be found.
We can have a conversation.
Everybody want space drinks?
Future drinks?
Do you happen to have Sputnik 1?
You got it.
Sputnik 1.
The drink-o-matic.
Hydrate level 4, please.
I should have made a pizza.
Here you go, here's your drinks.
Now.
What are we doing?
Billy Baldwin.
What's his name?
Baldwin Brown.
I thought we had Jesse, what's his name?
Jesse Yellerman.
Baldwin Brown is in captivity.
Sent his compatriot here to kill everybody.
Jesse, you work for Baldwin?
Oh yeah, we go way back.
He was my old teacher.
Baldwin was saying that the repercussions of us doing our job,
which we were contracted to do,
were cataclysmic, shall we say?
You want to go into more detail about that?
Yeah, man.
I could do that.
I mean, I can't.
I don't know what his research was.
I just trust that it was really important.
If he says bad shit's going to go down,
I'd trust him.
Jesse, is it possible that,
if we were willing to give you this information,
the stuff that we stole with our skills,
that you would maybe owe us a favor?
Yeah, no, I mean, no doubt.
Look at this.
Knuckles, they shoot laser blades, razor blades.
Not laser blades, important distinction.
Laser razor blades.
Laser razor blades would have been way cooler.
I know, you're telling me.
One of these days, I'll be able to afford them.
Right now, razor blades.
How much would those cost?
Oh, you know, 20,000, 30,000, easy.
Well, the situation we're in is we took a job,
and if we don't do it,
then they're going to be after us forever.
So, I don't know.
Are they going to come after us,
or are they just going to not pay us?
They're going to not pay us,
and they're going to raise their hands up in the wrong hands.
They're going to think that we did what we did.
Our crew isn't known for failing jobs,
so I understand our reputation is pretty high.
Sarcasm?
I think that Jesse and Baldwin as allies
might be better than just some creds
for the risk that we went through.
I'm sorry, Newian.
I mean, we're shadow runners.
We shadow run.
Sometimes runs fail, man.
But if we just go with these guys,
then the next time someone goes,
I want you to hire you for a shadow run.
Hey, this isn't going to be one of those ones
where you just decide in the middle of it
that it's like a meta shadow run
and you're going to bail on it.
We're going to go, no, no, we promised this time,
we really...
It would take like a whole big thing for that to happen,
like someone asking us, please don't do the shadow run.
Then we'd have to...
What if we concocted an elaborate plan
or scheme that would make it seem
that we didn't do this intentionally,
that they just hijacked this information from us
and we would know that we were being allies with them,
but the rest of the world would think
that we were just the victims of their bullying.
I think Dr. Friend's onto something.
I think we are in a safe, secure location.
God damn it!
I'd knock a bunch of stuff off the counter.
Whoa, monologue alert.
You guys aren't hearing what I'm saying.
I fell down to the shadows
from the heights of the society.
I go to the shadow runs because I gave up on that world.
If they want me back, they got to tell me why.
What's at stake? What's going on?
I want to know what's going on.
I'm tired of these word games and puzzles and riddles.
You're double talk and you're smart talk.
I'm just a big dumb shadow runner.
I want to know what's happening.
This is BTL chips. Talk!
BTL chips are just drugs, man.
They fuck up your brain.
Yeah, so what?
So this research, I don't know.
It might be able to help people.
Can we call Baldwin?
We need answers.
I got his number.
Put him up on a hologram or something.
Alright.
So it's visually interesting.
Let me dial him up.
Beat, boot, beat, beat, beat.
We just killed this guy.
He seems kind of bad-ass.
It's Baldwin.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
How'd you guys get my number?
We're with Pink, Pink, Jesse Pinkman.
Oh, cool.
Wait, who's that?
We're with Jesse.
Jesse Yellow.
Oh.
Okay.
We're trying to work out a deal, but we need more information.
We want to know, God damn it!
We want to know what's going on!
What's the worst thing that's going to happen if we don't give you your stuff?
Just world domination, but not by us.
Bad people domination.
That sounds pretty bad.
Sounds like standing operating procedure.
Yeah, look out the window, Jack!
The bad guys won!
So you're saying our Johnson's going to use this information in your research
to take over the world?
Yeah, I mean, not just take it over.
Really murder it.
So the original price you were offering us for this reversal was what?
Oh, I mean, I don't have any money.
They don't really pay me, but I will owe you two.
Three.
Of what?
Universes.
You know how people owe you one?
I'll owe you three.
Understood.
That's pretty good.
I believe those work in powers as well.
So each one is actually eventually better.
I would like to place the hologram on mute.
Muting the hologram how the guard is putting it on mute.
Okay.
And on blind so that he cannot see my lips moving.
Smart move.
So he cannot see my lips moving.
It is my contention that, look, we were hired to acquire certain properties.
We applied ourselves to the acquisition of such properties.
We were given assistance to assist in the acquisition of such properties.
We acquired such properties and it has become complicated in every route out of this.
Otherwise becomes infinitely and infinitely more complicated.
The simplest route, the truest route, the route that is most shadowy of the running
routes is to complete it and deliver said properties and say completion of the deal,
take our remuneration and move from there to the next job.
All right.
Occam's route.
Horticard, I agree with you.
But it comes however alert.
However, I believe this is a turning point as us as runners to decide where we stand morally.
God damn it, the reason they hire us is so that we don't have moral turning points.
But we have a choice.
We see the consequences of our actions.
That would make us shafts, like not shadow runners.
We're supposed to shadow run.
I'm sorry.
This is my button.
When I was a child, man, child, man, little boy, man, my mentor was shot in the street
in front of me.
I spent many of my days not around you guys suspending myself above a bottle of water
and using the vapor between me to draw truths.
So I'm not so much concerned with your moral, your morality.
This sort of world does not have that sort of morality.
It doesn't live in a plainer existence.
It has several dimensions and twists and turns, and we are learning every day.
A lunge and stun baton, Jesse Yellowman.
All right.
Then I guess I'm just a face.
A very subtle one.
Using robot reflexes, he dodges to the side.
Fuck!
That was a massager.
Is hacker.
Yeah.
I just tried to stun him.
He disarms you.
No, no, no.
He disarms me.
Now I got the stun baton, bitch.
Slithanger!
Thank God in heaven.
Let's thank Heather, everybody.
Skyler, Darsen, Zemors Brown, Spencer Crittenden, I'm Jeff Davis, your mayor, Dan Harmon, everybody.
This show brought to you by the Apple Watch.
Thank you for coming.
We went a little bit late, but we do serve breakfast.
Breakfast will be outside in the Meltdown Comic Clowns.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.